"inputs": {
    "Writing Prompt": "When the europeans discovered America they did n't colonize it. Instead they have been monitoring the Americans for centuries. Today, the first American ship reaches Europe."
  },
"outputs": {
  "Story": "In the morn on the twenty-eighth day in the month of october in the year 1840 marks the date first ever an expedition from the blighted continent found it 's way into an English harbour. The American ships, as expected, were backward, but not as much so as one might expect. While the ships they boarded were no greater than those from the turn of the seventeenth century, they were marvelous in their craftsmanship: Long bows carved with ornate woodcraft ( their gods perhaps ), canon of unknown quality, large billowing sails, clean and professional rigging and the men aboard -- truly these men had sailed and had been sailing for a time. They were as the queen 's own. It gnawed upon me that when last sighted centuries earlier, many if not all the continent 's people 's were confined to freshwater craft; merely pilots of canoes and small rafts -- Primitives. Indeed, in time, they had come to much the same conclusions that naval engineers past had come, no doubt guided by the smugglers ... or perhaps it was the many burnt hulls of the galleons left upon their shores by the Spanish or, and more unsettling, perhaps it was a hastily deconstructed remnant of our own navy that underlay the proud woodwork and bid them their voyage here. Spying them with a scope from the pier I spied the visage of one man, A stern corsair upon the prow. He was stone faced and dark haired bearing no weapon with one foot on the bow and the other dangling over the edge, a lit stick of a kind in his mouth. He seemed stoical and unconcerned -- no doubt this was not the first port he had seen on his voyage in. Perhaps they had been to France and found no welcome? At any rate, as I scanned the deck I saw more than one other, and perhaps to their nautical detriment more than one woman aboard as well -- Though that perhaps spoke of other intentions. The admiralty has long dreaded this moment. It was, of course, inevitable. They would be curious as to why the world 's great colonial powers had stopped at their door, why ships long circled and barricaded their fledgling attempts at transport across the sea -- and more important why the lord 's anointed kings and our fair Queen held a line across an ocean for so long and then stopped. I felt ardour to call out a warning. I wished dearly to tell them that the few of ours who made it back from their sojourn died so miserably from having interacted with them. I would explain to them and tell them of the upheaval Europe and Asia faced, the death toll they brought upon us, la plaga neuvo . I would plead with them to leave. I would have if only I could but how does one recount this to them in their unknown tongue? How, in their language, can i say that they, without a single shot, had brought the once great majesty of our empire to it 's knees by that which is unaffective of them? How? We were left with but one way: The only way. Our answer could only be delivered at the end of a gun. As the ship broached towards land I made a signal to the man at my right and he bid the gunners up upon the ramparts to take aim and fire above the prow. At my order they fired, but the response was as suspected. They did not go back. I saw them, faces alive. It was not fear amongst them though, but jubilation. The men and women broke out into shouts and waved their hands in the air ... and here I noticed the small ones racing up to their sides. There was no doubt in my mind, the cannon were inactive. We were the first Europeans to see them, and conversely, they to see us ( and I ask again what of France? ). We fired a second warning. This one seemed only to confuse them, as they did stop their jubilation, but did not away. I wrestled with the orders given. They could not be allowed to enter the harbour, but they were non-combatants, women, children, and lost sailors as eager to see our face as we were to see theirs -- but ignorant of the horror they inspired in us and unable to see our recoil. As it came within the boundary, and continuing even after a third shot fired we had no choice. The admiralty had made the order: The plague shall not again reach England. I ordered the full regiment to fire and not to stop until she was down. The ship and rendered it 's carved facade to splinters before it 's cannon could respond, or perhaps it did not matter. These wiley corsairs were no more then family men with children with no training or regiment to the skill. All were dead by the midday, drown or shot. I wonder though as to their origin and purpose. Why would they bring their families aboard? Did it not weigh upon them there might be danger? Thereupon I mired for the remaining"
}