"inputs": {
    "Writing Prompt": "Two people promise their first born child to two different witches in return for a favour. These two people end up getting married and have a child together."
  },
"outputs": {
    "Story": "**Prelude: ** Brujeria , they said, looking about the landscape as they said it. The one you seek is Brujeria. Travel past Three Rocks and you will find her hut. But speak to no one of your visit . Agueda was a young, but she knew what it meant if her mother were to die. Mother had been sick for quite a while, and the Ayuhuasca was n't working. The Urarina people were dependent upon their male shamans to delve into the spirit world, and seek out that which is causing the balance to break between the life of her mother and the illness that had struck her. But they could not make her well again. Agueda was desperate. At the tender age of 8, even she knew that if her mother had died, she would be alone in the village, and left to fend for herself. Agueda walked the forest, along the Chambira river, and spied the Three Rocks at the bend of the river. She went straight from there and saw a makeshift hut, with a fire burning with some fish being prepared. Agueda did n't know she was hungry until she saw the fish being cooked. She came up to the fire and plucked a fish from the stone that sat beside the flame. Without even thinking, she starting biting into the soft white meat of the fish, and savored every bite. She took another bite, and another. Before she knew it, the fish had almost been completely devoured. It tastes good, yes ? A voice said behind her. She jumped at the sound of the voice, dropping the fish in fear that she had been caught. She at once understood the fish was n't hers, and that she had done wrong in stealing it. However, an old woman now held the remains of the fish, having caught it before it hit ground. Examining it, she offered it back to Agueda. No use for me now. You take it, you finish it . Agueda nodded her head, and finished off what was left of the fish 's meat near the tail. The old woman eyed her, with an eye both sympathetic and yet still analyzing. It looked as if she had seen more than her age had let on, and her hair was so grey that it almost was white when the sun rays came through some of the trees to illuminate it. The sinews of her arm looked like a withered tree branch, but in them she felt there was a strength that was beyond that of the strongest of men in her village. This was the Brujeria. She spoke up to the strange woman, shyly given what she had just done. I 'm sorry elder. I was just so hungry ... . The spirits told me , the Brujeria said, interrupting. And I was happy to oblige. It is a small thing for me to offer one so young, that has traveled so far from the village to seek one that should not be sought . As Agueda looked into her eyes deeper, she saw that there was a faint glow that almost whited her pupils. Was the Brujeria in a trance? Was she seeing both her and the spirit world, speaking to both at the same time? Agueda knew at once that the old woman knew what she had come to her for. Yes, I do . Replied the Brujeria. The old woman sat down on a log beside the fire, and began eating the other fish that was on the stone. Again, they told me. The Ayuhuasca does not work, they said. These are only plants that do not speak to the will of the the spirits that house them. Drink this . Agueda looked to the fire that the Brujeria had pointed to and saw a makeshift pot with a brew boiling. It was Ayuhuasca, but it smelled different than the ones that the village shamans prepared. This boiled with a certain glow to it, and it smelled sweeter. Was this an attempt to steal her energy? Her mother had always warned her about the dangerous Brujos that wanted nothing more than the life force of the ones that drank before them. I am not some fiendish Brujo as they say, child , said the old woman. The old ones know better, but I have been here because I need to be. I have need to study this book given by a man, and every eye in the village has sought to peek into its pages. Yet it is not for them, lest they summon curses to their souls that no healer can repair. So I stay here, for their sake, not just my own . Agueda looked at the book that the elder produced on her lap. The book was as tattered as the rags that she was wearing, but there was no mistaking that the air around this book brought a certain chill to her bones that the fire could hardly warm. Could this woman be the Warlock of Chiloe? Agueda once heard stories of the power of this"
}